[Autogenerated] I always like to start every course off with the
target audience prerequsites knowledge software that you need and
where you can get the code samples.
So let's walk through that quickly.
So the target audience is obviously people working with kubernetes,
but specifically its developers looking to switch from running
their containers with Docker Compose on their machine to actually
running those containers in kubernetes, maybe for development,
maybe for staging, testing or other types of scenarios.
So as long as you fit into that realm,
then you'll definitely get a lot out of this course
because I'll show you multiple techniques for moving
between Docker Compose and Kubernetes.
When it comes to the prerequisite knowledge for the
course to get the most out of it,
here's a few things you need to know ahead of time.
First off,
you need to be comfortable using command line tools and virtual machines.
Now we're not going to really work directly with virtual machines.
In this course, however, I will be using Docker desktop,
and that does use virtual machines behind the scenes.
And, of course, the way we communicate with that is through cmdlet tools.
You also need a general understanding of Docker Docker containers,
images how those images get built and how you can run them.
Now if you're brand new to Docker,
I would highly recommend that you first watch my Docker for web
developers course to learn about those fundamentals,
because will just dive right into Docker containers and all
those types of things in this course, and I will assume you already know that.
So that would be a course to check out.
If you don't know much about Docker at this point,
you also need to have an understanding of core concepts of kubernetes,
and I have a course for that as well.
That's in this learning path called Kubernetes for developers core concepts.
Now, if you're already familiar with things like pods,
deployments, services and other core kubernetes resource is,
then you should be good to go.
But if not, you can check out that course.
And then finally,
we're all about deploying what was Docker Compose containers to kubernetes pods.
So knowing some of the different deployment techniques is also important,
and part of this kubernetes for developers learning path has a course called
Deploying your coat so you can definitely check that out.
If you'd like more information about different deployment techniques.
Now,
assuming that you already have a background in Docker and at
least some of the fundamentals of kubernetes,
then you should be fine going through this course.
But if not now you know where to go.
To learn more about those is far as the required software.
There's a lot of different things you can use to run kubernetes on your machine.
I'll be using Docker desktop because it's the easiest way to
get all of this going on Mac and Windows.
However, it's not the only option out there.
So although I'm gonna focus specifically on Docker desktop,
you could also use many kubectl so very easy to get going across multiple
operating systems kubernetes in docker to be another option.
Or you could even have a full blown kubernetes cluster
and get that going with kubectl npm.
Now that one's gonna be a lot more work to get going.
But that would be a full kubernetes cluster that you might
actually installed within your company, for example,
so I'll let you choose what you would like.
But as I mentioned,
I will be focusing 100% on Docker desktop throughout this particular course.
Now the final thing is, where can you get the code samples?
I'm going to show several different projects as I walk through
this course and you can find all of them here.
So they're all up on GitHub dot com slash dan EULA lean
and the first one Angular jumpstart is gonna be a project
that I'll demo quite a bit.
Provides a nice, simple way to get started,
but has Docker Compose and Kubernetes manifest files There's
also Docker and Kubernetes course code.
This is from the previous courses.
Now, I'm not gonna go into that one as much.
But if you'd like some demonstrations of things like deployments,
pods, services and more,
you'll find quite a bit in there and then the Final
one code with Dan Docker services.
If you've taken my Docker for web developers, course you've seen that.
But if not,
I'll be doubling that as well to move from Docker Compose
to kubernetes throughout the course.
So now that we've covered those items, let's go ahead and jump in the first modules introduction